nixos/gnome & nixos/gdm: migration out of x11 (#392804)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2505.section.md

- GNOME has been updated to version 48.

  - `decibels` music player is now installed by default. You can disable it using [](#opt-environment.gnome.excludePackages).

>   - `gnome-shell-extensions` extension collection (which included GNOME Classic extensions, Apps Menu, and User Themes, among others) are no longer installed by default. You can install them again with [](#opt-services.desktopManager.gnome.sessionPath).

Author: okay, i'll do it rn

>   - `gnome-shell-extensions` extension collection (which included GNOME Classic extensions, Apps Menu, and User Themes, among others) are no longer installed by default. You can install them again with [](#opt-services.desktopManager.gnome.sessionPath).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `gnome-shell-extensions` extension collection (which included GNOME Classic extensions, Apps Menu, and User Themes, among others) are no longer installed by default. You can install them again with {option}`services.xserver.desktopManager.gnome.sessionPath`.
```

AFAIK, the new best practice is to prepend option code blocks with `{option}`, if we can't use linking
